Add better description of tag and CoMID/CoSWID tags (#378)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

A CoRIM is a collection of tags and related metadata in a concise CBOR {{-cbor}} encoding.
A CoRIM can be digitally signed with a COSE {{-cose}} signature.

> A tag is a structured, machine-readable metadata format used to uniquely identify, describe and manage modules or components of a system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tag is a structured, machine-readable metadata format used to uniquely identify, describe, and manage modules or components of a system.
```

Tags can be of different types:

* Concise Module ID (CoMID) tags ({{sec-comid}}) contain metadata and claims about the hardware and firmware modules.

* Concise Software ID (CoSWID) tags ({{-coswid}}) uniquely identify, describe, and manage software components.

* Concise Tag List (CoTL) tags ({{sec-cotl}}) contain the list of CoMID and CoSWID tags that the Verifier should consider as "active" at a certain point in time.

> The collection of tags is extensible so that future specifications can add new types of tags.

Reviewer: This is inaccurate. There is an extension socket that allows other kinds of information to be added. The tag list's use of `tag-identity-map` has no internal notion of type safety to ensure the referenced tag is only a CoMID or CoSWID, so technically any tag could resolve without any changes to the CDDL.

Author: @deeglaze I am not talking about `tag-identity-map` here, I am referring to `concise-tag-type-choice`, which is CoMID/CoSWID/CoTL at the moment, can be extended to include other types

A CoRIM is a collection of tags and related metadata in a concise CBOR {{-cbor}} encoding.
A CoRIM can be digitally signed with a COSE {{-cose}} signature.

> A tag is a structured, machine-readable metadata format used to uniquely identify, describe, and manage modules or components of a system.

Reviewer 2: why metadata?

```suggestion
A tag is a structured, machine-readable data format used to uniquely identify, describe, and manage modules or components of a system.
```

Tags can be of different types:

* Concise Module ID (CoMID) tags ({{sec-comid}}) contain metadata and claims about the hardware and firmware modules.

> * Concise Software ID (CoSWID) tags ({{-coswid}}) uniquely identify, describe, and manage software components.

Reviewer 2: CoSWIDs can be used in software management processes, but they don't themselves manage anything.

> * Concise Software ID (CoSWID) tags ({{-coswid}}) uniquely identify, describe, and manage software components.

Author: I agree, perhaps we should mirror the definition as follows
`Concise Software ID (CoSWID) tags ({{-coswid}}) are used to uniquely identify, describe, and manage software components.`

> * Concise Software ID (CoSWID) tags ({{-coswid}}) uniquely identify, describe, and manage software components.

Reviewer 2: WFM.  Maybe drop "uniquely" which doesn't add to the meaning.

> * Concise Software ID (CoSWID) tags ({{-coswid}}) uniquely identify, describe, and manage software components.

Author: Sure, will do...

> * Concise Software ID (CoSWID) tags ({{-coswid}}) are used to uniquely identify, describe and manage software components.

Author: ```suggestion
* Concise Software ID (CoSWID) tags ({{-coswid}}) are used to identify, describe and manage software components.
```

* Concise Tag List (CoTL) tags ({{sec-cotl}}) contain the list of CoMID and CoSWID tags that the Verifier should consider as "active" at a certain point in time.

> The collection of tags is extensible so that future specifications can add new types of tags.

Reviewer 2: I don't think "collection" is the right word in this context.  I suggest a more concise rephrasing that works around that.

```suggestion
CoRIM allows for new types of tags to be added in future specifications.
```

Reviewer 2: This happens very early in the document.  At this point, we just need to state the high-level features and avoid any information overload.  The reader has not yet an idea of what _"extensible tag type"_ means.

# Concise Module Identifier (CoMID) {#sec-comid}

> A CoMID tag contains claims and metadata about hardware, firmware, or module composition.

Reviewer 2: not sure what "metadata" adds on top of "claims"

```suggestion
A CoMID tag contains claims about hardware, firmware, or module composition.
```

Author: The claims are encoded in a measurement values map, but metadata about the claims include items like `entities` and `linked-tags`

Reviewer 2: The metadata is about the CoMID itself rather than _"HW, FW or module composition."_

Author: Also we have claims inside measurement-values-map and mkey can contain some additional information about the claim, like measurement identifier and extensible objects about claims!

Reviewer 2: I prefer to remain generic at this point in the document.  "Information" (as in the original) seems more than appropriate.

Author: i am happy with information as well! Lets change it then!

Author: However, let us discuss this in the meeting, as others have already approved this version of definition!

Reviewer: Information is fine by me

> A CoMID tag contains claims and metadata about hardware, firmware, or module composition.

Author: ```suggestion
A CoMID tag contains information about hardware, firmware, or module composition.
```

> A CoMID tag contains claims and metadata about hardware, firmware, or module composition.

Author: ```suggestion
A CoMID tag contains information about hardware, firmware, or module composition.
```
